ah Hopkins Barry Williams choir huh how
are you young man
can I offer you a highball yeah sure
actually maybe your Lily um better keep
this out of harm's way are you gonna be
all right sir it's that pompous ass
Patrick he's bad-mouthing me all around
the staff room why he keeps calling me a
drunk says that I am irresponsible he's
trying to get me fired he's trying to
turn miss Phillips against me well sir
when people say bad things about what I
do I like to prove him wrong
really how by showing a nobler side of
yourself rising above it no not exactly
I like to show that they massively
underestimated the force that they were
dealing with and then really give him
something to complain about
oh the treacherous Mackie of that I love
it good me too
British girl I get to a mom about that
at all
she'd be so bad you'll never um